[creaking]
[clicking]
[theme music playing]
WOO YOUNG-WOO
[clinks]
[whale calls]
[train rumbles]
[beeping]
[clacking]
[host] And, finally, the bride and groom
will now bow to the guests.
[crowd clapping]
[crowd cheering]
[host] They will now take the first steps
into the world as husband and wife.
Everybody, please rise
and give the bride and groom
a big round of applause.
Congratulations!
-[crowd whooping]
-[host] Bride and groom, go ahead!
[wedding march music plays]
[confetti pops]
[eerie music playing]
-[cloth rustles]
-[gasps]
[camera shutters click]
[rustles]
[discordant music playing]
[gasps]
[indistinct muttering]
What?
-[Ju-myeong] What is that?
-[Buddhist drums play]
Oh, God!
Oh, God! Help me!
-[loud pop]
-[all gasping]
[music crescendoes]
CASE 2
THE WEDDING DRESS THAT SLIPPED OFF
WOO YOUNG-WOO GIMBAP
[chopsticks clink]
Oh, so pretty.
What's wrong with the ham?
Did you switch hams today?
Huh?
Yeah. What's wrong?
[chopsticks clink]
The ham tastes funny.
[water boils]
Young-woo, just eat your food.
Girls your age cook for their parents
and you're complaining.
Is that the thanks I get?
Young-woo.
I wonder if you'll get married one day.
[sharp inhale]
Hey, Young-woo, look! Wouldn't you like
to be wearing a wedding dress like that?
What about you? Would you like to wear
a wedding dress like that one, Dad?
[chuckles]
No.
It's not about me. It's about you.
It's only that…
like any father, I dream
of walking my daughter down the aisle.
Humans see weddings as a ritual
to become independent from their parents
and then to mate. But for whales…
[whale whines]
What's going on?
You cut short whale talk on your own.
Would you like me to keep going?
No, I'm not sure, uh…
It's just not like you.
From now on, I'll only talk
about whales to those who care to listen.
Because I have met someone now
who really wants to listen.
Really?
Oh, and who is that?
I'm running late.
Oh! Uh…
Take this.
See you tonight.
-Okay, see you tonight, Dad.
-Uh…
[playful music playing]
[exasperated sigh]
[Gwang-ho chuckles]
Oh, hmm…
-[Jeong-gu] Hold this.
-[secretary] Of course, sir.
Please to meet you.
I'm Han Seon-young. Welcome.
And I'm Myeong-seok.
Kim Jeong-gu.
We all have a busy day ahead.
Let's just cut to the chase, shall we?
-All right.
-Thanks.
I was lucky my youngest daughter's wedding
was sure to be unforgettable.
She was getting married
to the son of Daehyeon Construction
at the Daehyeon Hotel.
Ah, all the best.
You mean all the worst!
[groans]
Those bastards
from the Daehyeon Hotel, I mean it.
There was an incident during the wedding.
The Chairman's daughter was wearing
a magnificent strapless wedding dress.
And as her husband
led her down the aisle, the dress…
the dress slipped down.
Huh? Down to where?
-Like down to here.
-[exhales]
Surely she was wearing
something underneath?
Mm-mm.
When we were planning the wedding,
the Daehyeon Hotel said
they'd handle everything.
I wanted the best they had.
I invited everyone.
[Jeong-gu] All VIPs.
You know how much they charged?
A quarter million won.
I laid out all that money to be humiliated
in front of the entire country!
I guess that must
have been extremely hard.
Now I want the Daehyeon Hotel bastards
to pay what they owe me!
You want to sue them
for damages, of course.
We'll have to take
a closer look at your case
to come up with an exact amount, but…
250-300 MILLION WON
-I think--
-Hang on.
Listen. If in your head, there's a figure
under one billion won, don't even bother.
-[crumples]
-"One billion"?
Sir, did the Daehyeon Hotel
reach out to you since the wedding?
The Daehyeon Hotel offered
a full refund of all the wedding expenses.
And also a special
ten million won gift certificate
for the bride and groom
valid at any Daehyeon Hotel.
So the total
is about 240 million won, is that right?
That seems pretty fair.
What? It's pretty fair?
They humiliated me
in front of my friends and family!
All my clients were there, and they
ended up seeing my daughter naked!
Do you realize I can't show my face?
Two hundred forty million,
and you say that's pretty fair?
So you're saying
that's a fair price for my self-respect?
No, I didn't say that.
What you are claiming
from a legal perspective
would be considered non-material damages.
Instead of seeking physical damages,
it's the psychological distress
that you've been subjected to.
However, it's quite complicated
to pursue these types of damages
based off of cases of this nature.
[Seon-young] And even if we do,
the award may be modest.
Uh, the offer of a full refund of expenses
in addition
to the generous gift certificate
actually looks
like equitable compensation.
And I suggest that if you're planning
to redo this wedding,
possibly, they should pay
for the new wedding as well.
I hear you. Hanbada and Taesan
are the same, after all.
[inhales deeply]
-Why?
-I own two acres of land
in Garak-dong in the Songpa area.
I would get sued constantly.
During all these years,
I was a client with Taesan.
I mean they have the best attorneys
in Korea, don't they?
But now, something big happens,
and they drop me like a hot brick.
They said the same thing!
"You won't get a better compensation.
This is crazy!"
I'm here because Taesan
made millions off me,
and when I need them,
they don't come through.
"Give Hanbada a chance," I thought.
Hanbada is really different.
The same story, though.
"It's complicated. It's not a bad offer."
Bullshit from both of you!
[breathes deeply]
What amount of money
would feel more appropriate?
They need to learn to respect me!
My price's worth a billion won,
don't you agree?
[deep inhale]
[suspenseful music playing]
[exhales]
That's the sum you'll get.
And you'll find out that Hanbada
can deliver. We're not Taesan.
[Jeong-gu chuckles]
Well, I'd say my case is in better hands.
And make sure
to compensate them generously!
Good.
DAMAGES
Now, what do you know about damages?
In Civil Law, there's a distinction
between punitive and compensatory damages.
-And also--
-Compensatory damages.
Those are when a party
has suffered some kind of actual loss.
But, in some cases, an injured party
can also get expectation damages
-against future value--
-We should include compensation
for psychological distress too.
-Mm-hmm.
-[Young-woo] Team Leader Myeong-seok,
you've been working as an attorney
for many years now,
but you still don't know
what the different types of damages are?
Wait, do you think I asked
'cause I don't know?
This is a teaching method, you see?
Mm.
Are you sure about that?
Mm-hmm, I am, yes. Mm.
So as we consider
these different types of damages,
consider that those 230 million paid
for the wedding are actual damages.
Then if they have to celebrate
this exact same wedding again,
the additional 230 million
will be consequential.
Since they wouldn't
have had to pay for that
if there hadn't been any incident.
Well, actually, that doesn't really cover
it because of double indemnization.
The issue is that our client…
wants one billion won.
So we need to find ways
to justify a request
for additional compensation,
500 million at least.
Wait, according to the jurisprudence
from the supreme court,
you can only obtain a maximum compensation
when someone died from a car accident.
[Min-woo] That's 100 million.
We only have general damages,
in this case, not even special damages.
So, 50 million would be
the most we could expect.
Correct.
But in your career,
you'll have clients like this one
who request a ridiculous amount.
We accepted this case,
we must find a solution.
Daehyeon Hotel has a wedding page
that offers all wedding-related services
handled by a dedicated wedding team.
[Su-yeon] That's great news for us
because usually the venue rental
and the wedding dress tailor
are two different businesses.
Here, we know it's Daehyeon Hotel's fault
no matter what.
Most importantly, Su-yeon,
is it really Daehyeon Hotel
that caused this incident?
[Myeong-seok] Intentionally or not,
and to engage the hotel's responsibility,
we must find what they did wrong.
Otherwise, no matter what damages
we claim, we'll get nothing.
Min-woo, Su-yeon, you'll need
to do some undercover work.
-Are you okay with that?
-Uh, no.
That wedding dress
slipped off for a reason
that the hotel will never share.
So you two need to come up
with creative methods
to find out on your own.
Go to the Daehyeon Hotel together.
You'll pretend to try on dresses
for your upcoming wedding.
Okay.
And you, Young-woo, you'll take Jun-ho
with you to interview the newlyweds.
All right.
Uh, would you mind
if I teamed up with Jun-ho for this,
instead of with Min-woo?
Why?
Is Min-woo not husband material?
Is that it?
That's right.
Wow!
I am not actually sure
about Su-yeon as my wife either.
Uh, but Young-woo and I will do great
at interviewing the newlyweds.
Is that all right?
I like it when Jun-ho and I get
to spend time together.
But I will let you decide.
Jun-ho and you get to spend time together?
Why? Are you two close?
Mm…
If you define "close" as
"talking about a specific topic
when it is just the two of us,"
mm, then yes.
[breathes deeply]
I don't know what to say.
She refuses to come out of her room
ever since the wedding.
-[knocks on door]
-[door opens]
The attorneys would like to see you.
Oh.
Nice to meet you. I'm Min-woo,
attorney at Hanbada Law Firm.
I'm handling your case.
-[door closes]
-Here.
Hmm?
Go ahead. Say hello.
[gasps]
It's so nice to meet you.
Psst! Now, introduce yourself.
Tell her who you are.
Huh?
Well, my name is…
[bright string music playing]
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
it's still Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
Huh?
I'm so sorry.
She just started working with us.
-Oh, I see.
-[chuckles]
-[door opens]
-Would you like to sit down?
-Appreciate that.
-Here you go.
[playful music playing]
Psst!
[door closes]
You must be quite upset.
Well…
Yeah, I suppose so.
You've returned here
to your parents' house
since the wedding, is that right?
What about your husband?
After everything happened,
it's sort of awkward.
He soon moved out of our house,
and he's been staying
with his parents as well.
Are you planning
on having another wedding in the future?
I'm really not sure.
It's better to ask my father that.
How come?
There's a lot of tension now
with my in-laws.
It's a complicated union.
[Hwa-yeong] My husband's grandfather
used to like me so much.
He's an elder at the church
and he leads the choir as well.
[piano playing]
[Hwa-yeong] I played the piano for them.
He introduced me to his grandson,
Jin-uk, and we wound up getting married.
I've been told he's very disappointed
in me after what happened.
Apparently, he wants
to have our marriage annulled.
You said he was disappointed in you
after what happened, so why?
I have a tattoo on my back
of Guanyin Bodhisattva.
-[Buddhist percussion plays]
-Right.
Guanyin Bodhi…
Now, tell us about the problem
with your dress? When did you notice?
The day of the wedding, that morning.
At the dress fitting, the dress
fit perfectly when I tried it on.
[Hwa-yeong] But on that morning,
it was much looser.
[Min-woo] Did you tell an employee
of the Daehyeon Hotel about it?
[Hwa-yeong] Yes, I did.
I told the girl
who was helping me put the dress on.
But she just told me
it was because I must have lost weight,
and then just added
more pins to the dress.
Was that possible?
I mean, did you lose weight?
Uh, no.
[breathes deeply]
So, um, is there anyone you know
that could testify about the issue
you had with your dress?
Did you talk to anyone
or tell anyone about it being loose?
No one I can think of. None of my friends
were present at the ceremony.
Wait, it was your wedding, though.
But my father picked who could attend.
My dad knows them, I don't.
Huh. Oh!
Young-woo, would you like
to ask any questions?
Yes, I would.
I'd like to ask.
Would you say that you love your husband?
What?
Excuse me.
Are you serious? I mean, really?
Yes.
There is plenty of photos in here.
Lots of self-portraits of Ms. Hwa-yeong.
[Young-woo] Lots of photos
with family and friends too.
But no pictures of your husband,
not even one.
Oh, I must have hung all the photos
of us up at our new place.
There's one right there.
[gloomy music playing]
Could you explain
why your wedding ring is on your table?
And not on your finger.
That's my question.
Do you love your husband?
[sighs]
So my father-in-law hired you.
I'd rather just leave all of this behind
but he insists on suing them.
Why blame the Daehyeon Hotel for that?
DAEHYEON
It sounds like he's trying
to tear both families apart, so sad.
So would you rather
not be going to trial, is that right?
Look, I'm just as upset
about the wedding disaster.
[Jin-uk] I mean, we chose a luxury hotel
to ensure we had no problems.
However, the Daehyeon Hotel
and Daehyeon Construction
are affiliated with the Daehyeon Group.
This is a dishonor to my whole family!
Concerning your marriage,
is it true your family
is considering getting it annulled?
Hwa-yeong told you that?
[sighs]
Well, my grandfather
liked Hwa-yeong so much,
you know, he was very excited
about us getting married.
He's the one who introduced me to her
and managed to convince my parents.
Ah.
[Jin-uk] But now…
Hwa-yeong has a big tattoo
on her back, you know?
[Min-woo] Yeah, she told us about that.
She told me that her tattoo was nothing,
really, that it was a teenage mistake.
I thought nothing of it.
[Jin-uk] I mean, removing a tattoo
is not easy and it's kind of hidden.
But I know my grandpa. He felt betrayed
when he saw it at the wedding.
[Jin-uk] He's of a different generation.
He's a strong Christian.
He told me it would be best
not to marry someone like her.
So he asked me to get out of it.
Our marriage hasn't been licensed yet.
And are you gonna go ahead and do so?
I don't know yet.
I need to know what my parents
think about it first.
[Min-woo] And have you talked to Hwa-yeong
about getting your marriage annulled?
We actually haven't seen
each other in a while.
She's quite fragile at the moment.
She's seeing a therapist.
[Jin-uk] We've been arguing constantly
since the wedding.
A therapist?
Is Hwa-yeong currently in treatment?
She didn't tell you that?
She's seeing a therapist,
because of the wedding incident.
[elevator dings]
There has to be a law saying
all rich people must be immature.
You're wrong. There is no such law.
Ah!
I guess you were joking.
[sighs]
Honestly, these two seem
to be babies still,
so why would they wanna go
and get married?
I mean, you gotta be
completely independent
from your parents before marriage.
And these two
can't do anything on their own.
I would bet my life that they've never
even cooked themselves a meal.
What did you say, Min-woo?
Have you ever prepared a meal
all on your own?
Of course, I have.
You've never prepared yourself a meal?
I guess not.
[pensive music playing]
Um…
So what do you think
our pet name should be?
[soft chuckle]
Let's find one.
Mm…
Jun-ho… bae?
"Jun-ho bae"?
And… and Su-yeon, uh, sweetie.
[chuckles]
You know what? I take it back.
Let's not call each other
ridiculous names like that, all right?
-That could get out of hand.
-Right. Totally.
Then, um…
Honey?
[music dings]
Hmm?
[heart thumping]
[phone vibrates]
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
Yes, Attorney Woo.
Jun-ho, shouldn't adults
be able to cook their own meals
and be completely independent
from living with their parents?
Uh…
I don't know, but could be a good idea.
What about killer whales, then?
They live with their mothers their entire
life and never become independent.
Then according to humans,
killer whales are more like mama's boys--
[Su-yeon] Hey, Young-woo.
What are you doing exactly?
Hey, Su-yeon.
Well, I'm just… on a call.
Well, I guess that's the whole talking
about a specific topic
when it's just the two of you?
But you can't be doing this
during business hours.
Don't keep someone on the phone
when they're busy working.
-Oh!
-It's fine, really.
Listen, we're sorting things out,
so I'm pretty busy right now.
How about I call you later?
Okay.
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
Does Young-woo do that often to you?
Um, not really.
I mean, it depends.
[wave crashes]
[phone vibrates]
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
[spits]
Yes, Attorney Woo.
Did you know that we actually have
much more information
about the dark side of the moon
than about the oceans?
-What?
-One great example is that no one ever saw
a blue whale giving birth yet,
you realize that?
Of course, it may not make much sense.
How can it be so hard,
spotting a blue whale
that's as big as an airplane,
give birth to a baby
as heavy as a hippopotamus.
Well, that's because oceans
are so vast and so deep
that whales will always remain
a mystery to us.
-[call ends]
-Oh, right.
But I was just getting right into, um…
Uh, you there?
Attorney Woo?
[waves crash]
Did you know that blue whale poop
-is actually red?
-Oh, my gosh!
This is due to krill.
It's red and it's their favorite food.
Oh, I… I see.
Blue whale feces act as some sort of pump
that lifts nutrients
all the way up to the surface
and drops them down
to the bottom of the ocean.
So whales find their food
deep down in the ocean, you know,
but since whales always go up
to excrete at the surface,
their feces are actually food
for phytoplankton, right?
-They turn to nutrients.
-Oh, so cool.
Did you know that the blue whale
is a migratory animal?
However, the 400 blue whales
that live in the Gulf of California
live there all year long,
they don't want to migrate.
They're so fast that they could cross
the entire Gulf of California
in six days or so, yet they'd rather
not move and stay there.
Interesting.
Attorney Woo, today, let's take
the revolving doors. It's been a while.
No, thank you.
I will be working late tonight.
What?
You mean, you…
you walked out with me
just to talk about whales?
Yeah! Have a good evening.
[Su-yeon] What do you mean "it depends"?
She's always following you around.
I like listening to her stories.
She shares with me lots
of fun facts too, besides…
who else would listen to her if I didn't?
I think it's nice that I listen to her.
Will you listen to her forever?
What?
If you won't listen
to her stories forever,
then you should set some boundaries.
That would really help Young-woo
in the long run.
[stomach rumbles]
[gasps]
[rumbling loudens]
Are you all right?
W… what?
-[stomach rumbles]
-[groans]
It's all right. I'm fine.
[engine revs]
-[rumbling continues]
-[groaning]
[Su-yeon] Uh…
Uh…
Oh, come on, hurry up!
-Oh, thanks.
-[woman] Oh, goodness. Ew!
Thank you.
[door locks]
[bubbling]
Oh, no.
Not now, please.
Oh, Attorney Woo.
How did you manage to get here?
I just had to take the subway.
Ah, I see.
Su-yeon asked me to meet her here.
I can't tell you the reason why, though.
Especially you,
you should never know why I'm here.
Oh, right. Yeah. I believe that Su-yeon
went into that bathroom over there.
Oh.
[sneaky music playing]
[light knocking]
Su-yeon, are you here?
-[door unlocks]
-[Su-yeon] I'm in here.
Did you bring it?
Give it to me.
What?
Young-woo, are you kidding me?
Are these the only pants
you found in my closet?
-There were no suit pants?
-There were some.
[Su-yeon] Then why did you bring me these?
You told me to choose
the most comfortable-looking ones.
And there were no labels either.
[Su-yeon sighs]
This can't be happening.
[toilet flushes]
[comical music playing]
Do you need me to get you anything else?
-[stomach rumbles]
-[groans]
I guess I'm out for this one.
This wedding…
you gotta do it now.
[disappointed sigh]
He said we'd call each other honey.
Jun-ho bae is fine as well.
Although I take it back
because it could get out of hand.
The reason why
we're rushing to get married…
is because the truth is I'm expecting.
Before my belly starts showing,
I'd love to wear the most
beautiful dress in the whole world.
Getting married
at the Daehyeon Hotel is my…
[exhales]
Well, your dream now.
When you say, "expecting,"
you would not define that
as "waiting for something
likely to happen," right?
Yeah, that's right.
-Therefore, it means that--
-We slept together before getting married.
I got pregnant from Jun-ho
and this is our--
[groaning]
Promise me.
Take care of Jun-ho.
[door locks]
-[fireworks popping]
-[winces]
How's Su-yeon doing? Is she okay?
-She said she's out.
-What?
I will have to get married to you, Jun-ho.
Uh, I mean, honey.
[playful music playing]
So, um, shall we get going?
Uh, we're already running late.
We better hurry.
Fine. Let's go, honey.
[playful music continues playing]
[Su-ae] And you said
your wedding's next week?
Uh, correct.
We're so glad we can do it here.
We booked at the last minute.
Glad it worked out.
Usually, our clients
book a year in advance
to celebrate their wedding
at the Daehyeon Hotel.
You two are extremely lucky.
Well, the reason why we're in such
a rush to get married
is because we're expecting.
Huh?
And when I say "expecting,"
I would not define this term as
"waiting for something likely to happen."
Do you know what I mean?
Of course, honey.
I am pretty sure
our wedding consultant understands that.
I do.
And what kind of wedding dress style
are you looking for?
-Let's take a look.
-Hmm.
[awkward chuckle]
Oh!
This one is beautiful.
It is beautiful.
Yes, it's pretty. It's very pretty.
[Su-ae] If I'm going to be honest,
this dress style is already
kind of out of fashion, though.
Plus, the fitting is extensive,
so keep that in mind.
Ah, and my sweetheart
is quite slim, aren't you?
Is there a chance
it could slip off of her?
That sort of thing can happen, can it?
Slip off of her?
Could a wedding dress do that?
[cackles]
[Su-ae] Oh, my god,
that would never happen.
We do precise fittings,
so something like that won't occur.
This wedding dress is the one
I wanna try on for my wedding.
She really wants to try this dress.
[gasps]
Oh, so you're a fan
of provocative dresses, is that right?
I guess you know how we got pregnant now.
That is exactly how we got pregnant.
[chuckles]
Great. Um…
Then how about you try it on now?
[Su-ae] But the groom
will have to wait here for a bit.
Ju-hyun.
-Ju-hyun!
-[door opens]
Madam, Ju-hyun hasn't come back yet.
What's taking her so long?
Why isn't she working?
But, uh…
You just asked her
to go run an errand for you.
Get bread.
[Ju-hyun sighs]
She said they'd take
their bread out of the oven at four,
so she said, "Get it while it's fresh."
Does she think I'm just an errand girl?
I know, right? That's what I'm saying!
When Ju-hui was here, she'd stand up
to her! She would've said something!
Huh? You didn't know?
Ju-hui was fired not long ago.
'Cause of that dress that--
The dress that slipped off at the wedding.
[Ju-hyun] Anyway, you know what,
errand girl's got to run.
Gotta bring it to her
while it's still warm.
-Bye.
-[toilet flushes]
[door unlocks]
[line dials, rings]
Jun-ho, hey. It's, Su-yeon. Listen.
Sounds like a hotel employee, Ju-hui,
was fired after the dress slipped off.
I overheard a girl on the phone.
Maybe she'll show up at the dress fitting.
Bread. She's carrying bread.
"Bread"?
Uh…
[rustling]
[Jun-ho] Excuse me, ma'am.
Yes?
Uh, hi, how are you?
I was actually wondering.
Um, do you know if Ju-hui
is around right now?
Ju-hui…
You sure you know her?
Yes, I guess I met her
like three months ago.
My girlfriend and I had spoken with her,
but it looks like
she's not here this afternoon.
Well, she quit her job, sir.
What did you wanna talk to her about?
Uh, it's a pretty long story.
You know what? How about you
just give me her number, then?
Uh…
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm not comfortable
sharing her phone number.
I have to go now. Excuse me.
-Hey, hold on--
-[Su-ae] Are you ready?
-[phone vibrates]
-[Su-ae] Oh, my god, you look gorgeous!
You have such a tiny waist!
Yes, Attorney Choi.
I tried to talk to her,
-but it's pretty tricky.
-Opening the curtain now.
[sparkly light music playing]
[Su-ae] How does the dress feel on you?
It's extremely uncomfortable.
It feels like it's full of tags all over.
Oh, my gosh, look at his reaction.
He fell in love all over again.
Huh? Are you falling in love?
[giggles]
COURT
The wedding dress slipped down
during the ceremony.
Just the thought of it is rather alarming.
However, is it really
that big of a deal, huh?
Many people would have laughed off by now.
Yet I'm looking at seven attorneys
from the top law firms,
fighting over one billion won.
I'm worried this case
might be wasting court time.
The plaintiff, Kim Hwa-yeong,
has been seeing a therapist
for more than two months now
due to this incident.
Mrs. Hwa-yeong and her husband
now argue to the point,
where annulment is even on the table.
The defendant, the Daehyeon Hotel,
was paid a significant amount 230 million
to organize this wedding.
And the result of this
is a broken marriage.
We can't just ignore the damages here.
What seems like a laughing matter
now has a serious impact.
That wedding dress slipped down
and we all know why.
Hwa-yeong was careless,
and the Daehyeon Hotel can't be blamed.
As a result,
when it comes to Hwa-yeong's therapy
and potential annulment,
the Daehyeon Hotel obviously
is not to blame.
[judge] It will be difficult
for each party to prove who is at fault.
Are you willing to settle
in a reasonable way?
Right after the wedding,
the Daehyeon Hotel reached out
with a compensation.
Hwa-yeong didn't accept it.
If they choose to take this to court,
the Daehyeon Hotel will not back down.
Its reputation is at stake
and it's a matter of honor as well.
We'll trust your fair judgment,
Your Honor, in our efforts
to exonerate the Daehyeon Hotel's
responsibility in this instant.
If you really want me to diagnose
her condition, I'd say she has PTSD.
She's been traumatized
by the incident at her wedding
and this is causing her constant stress.
Recently, her condition has improved.
But after the wedding,
her insomnia, her eating disorder,
and social phobia symptoms worsen.
So could the stress she has
possibly be the reason
that her marriage is now in jeopardy?
You two work as attorneys.
I'm guessing you're aware
that I can't disclose
any confidential information
due to doctor-patient privilege.
I'm gonna be transparent with you.
We need a medical statement
saying her PTSD is the reason
why her marriage is in jeopardy.
We'd hope you'd testify on her behalf.
Kim Hwa-yeong needs that testimony.
Kim Hwa-yeong needs it. Really?
I'm not sure about that.
I just don't think
that's really what's best here.
I apologize.
[deep exhale]
[Jun-ho] Thank you.
[bright music playing]
[ice clinking]
The fat in whipped cream is approximately
at 30 percent. Did you know that?
-Oh, really?
-[Young-woo] Yes.
Fin whales and other whales produce a milk
that's much thicker than whipped cream
since it contains 30 to 50 percent fat.
An average mother whale
can produce 200 kilograms
of that high-fat milk daily.
So what will be the weight of a baby whale
after drinking that for six months?
[snickers]
I don't know.
Seventeen tons on average.
[ice clinking]
[sucks teeth]
Don't you ever want
to talk about other stuff
than information about whales?
I don't think so.
Ah. You don't… You don't think so?
Right, I don't think so.
From now on, just so it's not all…
so it's not all we talk about,
there are certain times for whale talk.
Ah! Hmm.
Fine. What time do you prefer?
How about during our lunch? Is that okay?
Whale talk over our lunch together.
Okay.
So outside of lunchtime, then…
We'll talk about other stuff,
anything else.
"We talk about other stuff,
anything else."
[Young-woo] Mm…
What if it's suddenly very important
to have whale talk?
Hmm…
Then we'll have whale talk.
-Yeah! "Then we'll have whale talk."
-[giggles]
[bell clangs]
[steam hisses]
Ms. Ju-hyun, how are you?
-Buying bread or croissants?
-Uh, sir, what are you doing here?
We had hoped to get Ju-hui's phone number.
It's not anything weird. Trust me.
I'm sorry, I'm just not comfortable
giving her number out.
A wedding dress slipped down
during a ceremony about two months ago.
We just wanna ask her a few questions,
but we need your help first.
What do you plan
to ask her about, if I do?
Why did the dress slip down?
So who are you two?
Are you private investigators?
We're here for the bride, Kim Hwa-yeong.
She's actually in therapy
since her wedding. You'd do this for her?
Oh.
[Jun-ho] Her marriage is falling apart
after what happened that day.
Ms. Ju-hyun, you'll be okay.
You won't get in trouble.
We need you.
Her number won't help you.
You won't be able to get a hold of her.
Ju-hui recently moved to Europe.
[gasps]
[problematic music playing]
WITNESS
DEFENDANT
PLAINTIFF
[judge] Has the witness arrived yet?
Uh, she's traveling from far away,
so I'm guessing she's a bit late.
Could you give a few more minutes, please?
What does that mean?
Is your witness coming from abroad?
How long do you expect me to wait?
[softly]
She won't pick up.
Let's put down the witness' absence
and reschedule in light
of the circumstance.
[door opens]
Please, this way.
[dramatic music playing]
[sighs]
Our witness has just arrived.
Approach the stand.
"On my conscience, I do solemnly swear
I will make the statement
without concealments,
speaking nothing but the truth,
and that any false statement
is punishable by the law as perjury."
[judge] Plaintiff's attorney,
you may question the witness.
[Myeong-seok] Thank you.
On Kim Hwa-yeong's wedding day,
what was your job position?
Daehyeon Hotel
wedding services assistant, sir.
I was supposed to assist the team
with putting on the bride's wedding dress.
And on her wedding day,
did Kim Hwa-yeong tell you anything
when she put on her wedding dress?
Do you remember?
Yes.
Wait a second.
The dress feels like it's gotten looser.
And what did you reply to her?
I wouldn't worry about it.
You probably just lost
some weight. It happens.
Why did you reach that conclusion?
Usually, brides lose some weight
the week before their ceremony.
It usually happens because of dieting.
[Ju-hyun] And sometimes they lose
a few pounds from not drinking water
the day before the wedding.
Our wedding team works
with an expert tailor
who has a lot of experience.
So it would be unusual
that the dress would've slipped
due to the tailor,
or because she lost
some weight, impossible.
Mm.
And now, have you changed
your mind about that?
[Myeong-seok] Miss?
Answer my question.
Have you changed your mind about that?
No.
[Myeong-seok] Why not?
After the wedding, I actually found out
Hwa-yeong's dress got mixed up
deliberately with another one.
[dramatic music playing]
[indistinct murmurs]
On the morning of her wedding,
Kim Hwa-yeong showed up
and our boss went
to get her dress, and it was torn.
[Ju-hyun] By mistake by Ju-hui.
She was one of my coworkers
on the team back then.
-I'm sorry.
-[Su-ae] Stop crying! It's all your fault!
[groans]
See that?
[Ju-hyun] And since we didn't
have time to fix it,
our boss decided to take out
another wedding dress that we had
that had the exact same design
but was slightly bigger.
So the wedding team employees
hid this issue from Kim Hwa-yeong,
correct, and preferred lying to her?
Yes, that's correct.
And shortly after,
my boss fired Ju-hui over it.
She said we'd all get fired too
if we spoke out.
I'm testifying, knowing that I
may lose my job because I'm here.
I never imagined
what the bride would be going through.
I am so sorry
for not speaking out earlier.
[Myeong-seok] That's all, Your Honor.
WITNESS
[Jeong-ho] Plaintiff, are you going
through a difficult time?
What?
-Yes.
-What do you mean by that?
-[button clicks]
-Objection.
The defendant's attorney
is badgering my client
with these vague questions, Your Honor.
[judge] I wouldn't say badgering,
but sustained.
Ask specific questions.
Yes, onto something specific right now.
Plaintiff.
Wagle is an online community.
Does that ring a bell?
W-A-G-L-E.
I think that's how you spell that.
-Yes.
-Your account on Wagle is Sally Ride.
Is that the name you use with your avatar?
[Jeong-ho] Is that correct?
Answer my question. Is that correct?
Yes.
[keyboard clacks]
[Jeong-ho] Post title.
"How I ruined my wedding."
You posted this on Wagle on September 8th.
In other words, one week
after your wedding.
Could you please read out loud
the part I highlighted here?
[tense music playing]
Should I read it myself?
[rustles]
"His parents want to dissolve
the marriage contract.
I hope they go through with it.
If I can hide behind
my trauma for a little longer,
I might not have to get married.
I won't have to spend my life
with a man who barely knows me."
Signed, Sally Ride.
This plaintiff's entire case
is based on the argument
that her wedding incident was the reason
why she needed therapy for her trauma.
And the Daehyeon Hotel
was asked to compensate her
with a ridiculous amount
of one billion won.
Isn't that right?
Yet she wrote here,
"His parents want to dissolve
the marriage contract.
I hope they go through with it.
If I can hide behind my trauma
for a little while longer,
I might not have to get married."
Which of these versions is the true one?
You stated you've suffered
emotional trauma since your wedding.
Is that what you expect us to believe?
That's all, Your Honor.
I'll add these posts
as exhibits in this case.
ANOTHER WEDDING
WITH A PERSON I DO NOT LOVE
BUT HOW LONG
CAN I KEEP RUNNING AWAY LIKE THIS?
[music building up]
If you refuse to talk to us, Hwa-yeong,
we will not be able to help you.
This marriage…
was something my dad
was looking forward to.
To become an in-law
of the Daehyeon Group family,
the presents also caught his eye.
"The presents"?
A parcel of land in Dogok-dong
owned by Jin-uk's grandpa.
He promised to give it to me
once we were married.
As a wedding present.
[Hwa-yeong] My dad was more excited
than anyone about that.
He came up with lots of ideas
on how to maximize profits with this land.
But…
I really don't know anymore.
Is it acceptable
to be forced to marry someone?
To be honest, Jin-uk and I
don't even care about each other.
Don't you agree
that these old ways are unfair?
Honestly, most people who get married
don't get a parcel of land, you know.
Especially at Dogok-dong--
[taps]
[sighs, cries]
[tissue rustles]
[Jun-ho] Here.
[sniffles]
I'm sure my dad is suing
the Daehyeon just because he's upset.
He won't have conglomerate owners
as in-laws.
However, he can get them
in trouble now that it's over.
[Hwa-yeong sniffles]
You know, I'm not the kind of girl
that dreams of a fairy tale love story.
I just wanna decide.
I really don't know what to do anymore.
-[air blows]
-[whale calls]
[water dripping]
[loud splash]
Special circumstance!
It's great you get land
as a present for your wedding.
What?
In Civil Law, there are
different types of damages.
These can be actual or consequential,
but there are other damages as well.
You are aware of that, right?
Are you trying to test me?
You really think I don't know the answer?
Mm.
[scoffs]
You're referring to general
and special damages, right?
Mm.
Yes! General damages are compensations
for a plaintiff's non-monetary loss,
in contrast to special damages
that compensate a monetary loss
due to a particular circumstance.
In our case, the wedding expenses
correspond to actual damages.
But that's only 230 million,
so that's not enough
since the client wants to get one billion.
But Kim Hwa-yeong
also has a special circumstance.
[Young-woo] Think about it!
It's the parcel of land.
Her wedding present is definitely
a special circumstance here.
What a relief, right?
Mm, you're right, Young-woo.
In this situation,
it's not a standard marriage
because it's based
on a land donation pledge.
If your wedding dress
had not ended up slipping down,
Jin-uk's grandpa would not
have seen Kim Hwa-yeong's tattoo,
so he wouldn't have been disappointed.
The land donation would have
gone through, just as expected.
If we base our case
on the argument of the property value
Kim Hwa-yeong didn't get to receive
because of the hotel's mistake,
we could request special damages
and a way larger amount
of money for those damages.
Most of all, we will no longer
be seeking compensation
for non-monetary loss.
Whether or not
Kim Hwa-yeong's need for therapy
is due to her broken marriage,
the special damages
are still valid for the land donation.
I know what we're gonna do.
Why don't you write
an opinion letter, Young-woo,
where you recap your suggestion?
Because that new claim
changes the entire case,
we need to submit it to Seon-young
and Jeong-gu in a meeting together.
Yes, right away.
[exhales]
Ah, an opinion letter needs…
All right, so tell me
how much money we're asking for.
Um, do you know the value
of the parcel of land
that the groom's grandfather,
Hong Ju-myeong,
-promised as a wedding present?
-[Jeong-gu] Of course, I do.
The appraiser that I always work with
gave me a pretty good idea.
Hey, what was the amount?
-It's 32 billion won, sir.
-Oh, yeah.
Then 32 billion won is the compensation
we would request, sir.
Since it was expected that Hwa-yeong
would get 32 billion worth of land
as her wedding present,
the Daehyeon Hotel owner
was aware of that, right?
We'll argue that the gift of land
is worth 32 billion won
and it's been rescinded,
and we expect compensation.
[breathes deeply]
[Seon-young] Now, of course,
this figure will not
be acceptable in a civil court.
It's a valid legal approach,
but in practical terms, it's not possible.
Because the amount is so large,
it's a problem for the judge
to render a verdict.
For a case about a wedding dress
that slipped down
because it was the wrong one,
that amount seems like a lot
for compensation, so--
O… of course.
So what do we do next, though?
We will pursue the full amount
from the owner
of the Daehyeon Hotel directly.
Shortly after, they'll contact us
and offer to settle.
And then, you, you'll agree
to settle for a reasonable amount.
What's considered reasonable? What amount?
Ten percent of 32 billion
would be 3.32 billion,
and that number seems fair
for the stress you've endured.
Don't you agree?
[upbeat music playing]
Here are your copies of my opinion letter.
It recounts everything we just discussed.
[documents rustling]
PLAINTIFF'S ATTORNEY
HANBADA LAW FIRM,
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
[cackles]
Yeah!
[Jeong-gu] Right?
Hanbada is different after all.
You guys did an amazing job, huh?
I wanted one billion,
and I'll get 3.32 billion.
[Su-yeon] Congratulations, Young-woo.
[Hwa-yeong] Does anyone care
about my opinion?
This is my case.
I'm not interested.
You keep it down.
Quiet while the adults are talking.
What's the point?
You think you should brag
because my wedding dress slipped down?
Are you trying to make them pay
because you're mad
you didn't get their land for free?
What difference does all
that money gonna make?
That money won't change
anything for us, Dad!
I want you to continue with the case.
I'm certain it's in capable hands.
[chuckling]
Let's go.
[gloomy music playing]
[Myeong-seok] Sir, were you
also present when the two families met?
[Deok-su] Yes, I was.
I own the Daehyeon Hotel
and was glad to host them.
And Jin-uk was my little nephew as well.
It was a pleasure to treat them
to a lovely dinner.
And that night, Hong Ju-myeong promised
to give a wedding present to Hwa-yeong.
-[Myeong-seok] You remember that?
-A wedding present?
I'm not sure if we talked
about a gift or not.
Hong Ju-myeong said he would give her
a parcel of land in Dogok-dong.
You heard him say that
and even praised him for it.
You told him he was very generous.
[comical clinking]
That was not praising him.
I was only stating the obvious there.
The gift, a parcel of land worth tens
of billions of won, is generous.
I don't care how fond you are
of your future daughter-in-law.
Oh, wait a minute.
Hong Ju-myeong's wedding present
was worth tens of billions in real estate.
It should now belong to Hwa-yeong
if there hadn't been this incident.
And you knew that all along.
[dramatic music playing]
[clears throat]
Is this correct?
Well, uh…
It's correct.
-[stomach rumbles]
-[groans]
-[Min-woo] Where are you going?
-[Myeong-seok] Your Honor.
What we just proved here
is that Kim Hwa-yeong's marriage
was based upon a particular circumstance
of a land donation pledge
which the Daehyeon Hotel was aware of.
Had their wedding team
not committed any wrongdoing,
Kim Hwa-yeong would have received
this land donation
that was appraised at 33.2 billion won,
which we'd like to request
in special damages.
-What?
-In light of these new elements,
we kindly ask to change
our claim in this case.
[judge] Well, I can see no reason not to.
Put it in writing and submit the change.
We will, Your Honor.
-[exhales satisfyingly]
-That's wonderful, sir.
Any other matter
to be considered by this court?
-Well, then…
-[Hwa-yeong] Yes, Your Honor!
Ms. Hwa-yeong, do you have
something to share with the court?
I would like to withdraw my case.
Huh?
[judge] I'm sorry?
I want to withdraw my case.
[gasps]
Wait.
[acoustic music playing]
How can I make this whole thing go away?
What should I do?
How could I just drop the charges?
The term "charges"
is only used in criminal cases.
But in a civil court, you need to say
that you withdraw your case.
Okay, so if I wanna withdraw
the case, what do I need to do?
Withdrawing a case is a win for us,
and you'll have to pay our fees.
Would you be okay with that?
Of course, I would. Money's not an issue.
You have two options. The first one is--
I want the simplest one.
"I wanna withdraw my case!"
You just need to say that
to the judge during the trial.
That's all I have to do?
Yes.
You sure that's all?
Then why didn't I just do that earlier?
Kim Hwa-yeong, it's because
you still didn't feel completely
independent from your father.
Min-woo, my coworker taught me that.
And Min-woo also thinks that
I'm not completely independent either.
Kim Hwa-yeong, have you ever
prepared a meal on your own?
[Jeong-gu] Who told you you could do that?
What are you doing?
Who advised you to?
[judge] Sir, I'm gonna ask you
to calm down and sit, please.
We better sit.
Ms. Hwa-yeong, if you decide to withdraw,
it will be like your case never existed.
You understand your claim
will be canceled?
Do you still wish to withdraw?
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
And, you, sir, you agree
to the withdrawal of this case?
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Yes, I do, Your Honor.
The court declares this case closed.
The plaintiff withdrew her case.
Court is adjourned.
Congratulations.
[Jeong-gu sighs]
Why? Why did you do this?
Why do you always humiliate your father?
You know what?
My tattoo was not
a meaningless teenage mistake.
I really am a Buddhist.
Huh? What?
I have a Buddhist name as well.
Bo Deok-sim.
It means heart of Guanyin Bodhisattva.
She's… she's pulling my leg.
You think I'm laughing?
I'll be in control now
of who I marry and how I live my life.
You disrespectful little--
-Calm down, sir.
-Dad, you have no idea!
Why I actually go to therapy, do you, Dad?
[Hwa-yeong] You're way
too insensitive for this.
You and I have been living together
for the past ten years,
and you didn't get it.
[Hwa-yeong]
She's not just my closest friend.
She's not just my classmate.
[host] Bride and groom, go ahead!
-[applause]
-[cheering]
[dramatic music playing]
Unni, you're the only person…
I would ever wanna marry.
Next time, I will marry for love.
Wow.
[groaning]
-Oh, no!
-Hold on, sir.
-This way. Let's get him down.
-Let's go, come on.
[Myeong-seok] Easy.
[chuckles]
[victorious music playing]
Young-woo, what, uh…
Was your poop all right?
I'm sorry you missed this.
What happened?
Come on, tell me what happened.
It was great.
Definitely.
Come on!
What happened?
Wow.
-[Myeong-seok] CEO Han.
-Oh, look at you, guys. Bon appétit.
[Myeong-seok] You can sit here.
[Seon-young] I'm so sorry I'm late.
-[Myeong-seok] Have you had dinner?
-Ah, yes, I have.
[chuckles]
Oh!
[Seon-young] Wait, I'm so confused.
Is this your main course?
Well, I've been having
an upset stomach lately.
So I just ordered a sajeuk.
I love gimbap, so I ordered
some gimbap and they're amazing.
[Seon-young] I mean…
[snickers]
I understand, but still…
I'm so glad I get to treat the team
to a 300,000-won meal,
but you're having sajeuk and gimbap?
[chuckles]
You know our team is quite…
uh, surprising sometimes.
Yeah, I agree. We have surprising talents.
[chuckles]
[Seon-young] Well, bon appétit.
Anyway, thank you all.
You did a great job.
That was an absurd request,
yet you guys managed to find a solution.
I really thought we would have
the opportunity to settle.
I'm sad we didn't.
Well, that was not in our hands.
The daughter decided otherwise.
Chairman Kim Jeong-gu was apparently
quite impressed by your skills.
He just hired us on more cases.
And I know we'll do just as well.
Oh, congrats! That's great news.
Thanks. And well done, everyone.
You all deserve a toast.
Are you guys ready?
-[Seon-young] To more success together!
-Yes, to Hanbada!
-To success!
-[Myeong-seok] And thanks for dinner.
[Seon-young] And don't feel
pressured to drink, okay?
[smooth acoustic music playing]
Hey, Attorney Woo!
[sighs]
[door closes]
[light switch clicks]
[Gwang-ho] Oh!
[Young-woo] Hey, Dad, I'm home.
Here you are.
I'm starving. I've been waiting for you.
Oh, what's in there?
My boss treated us to
a 300,000-won meal to celebrate.
Wow! You serious?
[laughs]
Yes! My daughter got some fancy dinner
for her beloved father.
I can't believe this is happening.
I'm becoming independent, Dad.
Let's see what you got.
Wow!
Of course, you got gimbap, your favorite.
Yeah!
I was waiting and starving here
and you brought these.
Gimbap for your father.
Yeah!
From a restaurant that serves
a 300,000-won meal…
but you ordered…
gimbap instead.
Yeah! Please enjoy your meal.
Mm.
Dad, you know there's a high chance
I'll never get married
because I'm autistic.
But if I ever meet someone
that I love and want to marry
and have a wedding,
I wanna be holding my partner's hand
instead of you walking me down the aisle
and handing me to someone
because I wanna be able
to decide who I marry.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
And I would also like
my bouquet to go to you, Dad.
Why?
Because you never got married
since you had to raise me by yourself.
And if I get married,
I'd rather you got married too.
Otherwise, you'd live alone in this house.
[chuckles]
Young-woo.
This marriage thing got you thinking, huh?
Yeah. I'll go get changed now.
[door opens, closes]
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
[sniffles]
[camera shutter clicks]
[Su-mi] Having the privilege to meet
Taesan Law Firm's senior partner
was a great experience for me.
But just the thought of being back
in courts, pleading as an attorney,
that gives me butterflies.
-Do I look any younger?
-[reporter chuckles]
But you stepping down spontaneously,
well, I think that's a very bold
and admirable decision, you know.
[reporter] And since Taesan
is the leading law firm in Korea,
maybe you'll inspire others, Attorney Tae.
Since most law firms
are passed down to family members,
this could break from that tradition.
My father was the founder of Taesan
and I'm very proud
of what he's accomplished.
I'm thankful for following
in his footsteps
as senior partner and as an attorney.
Now, when I think about my son's future,
I have no intention
of pushing him down that road.
Then what is your son's dream job?
I don't know, but I really think
he needs to try things out,
learn about this on his own.
From a mother's perspective,
I do think he spends way too much time
on his computer.
Ah!
[laughs]
I think I have plenty
of material for my article.
Thank you so much for taking the time.
I hope you write a great article.
You always do. Thanks a lot in advance.
Sure, you got it.
I'll see you next time, then.
-Thank you.
It's been a pleasure.
[door closes]
Chairman, Kim Jeong-gu just terminated us
on all the pending cases he had.
He'll be represented by Hanbada now.
Why?
Is this about the one billion won
he asked for? Seriously?
[chuckles]
I'd say he's upset.
[scoffs]
What a strange man.
Going to Hanbada won't change his case.
Hanbada told him what,
that they could get it?
Actually…
What is it?
They didn't.
They would sue for one billion won?
As a matter of fact,
thirty-three point two billion.
[scoffs]
PLAINTIFF'S ATTORNEY
HANBADA LAW FIRM,
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
"Woo Young-woo"? Who's that attorney?
Apparently, they just hired her.
It seems there was a land donation
pledged as a wedding present.
And they're requesting
special damages based on that.
Huh. Amazing.
And that girl came up with this solution?
Why didn't we hire someone like her?
I'll check to see if she applied here too.
Forget it. We're okay. Thanks.
And what should we do
about Chairman Kim Jeong-gu?
He's left us, so it's too late.
Hanbada will disappoint him, I'm sure.
He'll come running back to us.
HANBADA LAW FIRM
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
[bright music playing]
The younger son stands accused
of beating the other to death.
[Myeong-seok] And the Chairman
and his wife witnessed it themselves.
[blows raspberries]
Can you understand any of this?
There's an autistic man I must
communicate with. It's difficult for me.
How should I proceed?
-Peng-ha!
[yells]
Just be quiet!
[Jin-pyeong] You're autistic yourself!
I'm asking if the attorney who questioned
you is herself an autistic patient.
[Jun-ho] Attorney Woo!
I'm not an attorney
who is very helpful to the defendant.